Allow setting custom filenames for documents (#213)
alphagov/notifications-tech-docs: source/documentation/_api_docs.md

}
```

> #### Set the filename

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### filename
```

> You can provide a filename to set when the recipient downloads the file. If this is not provided, a random filename will be generated.
> 
> Choosing a sensible filename can help users understand what the file contains, and find it again later.
> 
> You do not have to set this, but we strongly recommend it.
> 
> The filename must include the correct file extension, such as `.csv` for a CSV file. If you include the wrong file extension, users may not be able to open your file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should provide a filename when you upload your file.

The filename should tell the recipient what the file contains. A memorable filename can help the recipient to find the file again later.

The filename must end with a file extension. For example, `.csv` for a CSV file. If you include the wrong file extension, recipients may not be able to open your file.

If you do not provide a filename, Notify will generate a random filename for you.
```

Author: > If you do not provide a filename, Notify will generate a random filename for you.

One other bit of behaviour here - if they don't provide a filename (with extension), we also try to _guess_ what kind of file they're sending.

By providing a filename we don't have to guess (with the small chance we guess wrong and either reject the file, or make it harder for the recipient to open).

Don't know how we condense that down to be easily digestible in the docs though 😬

Reviewer: >If you do not provide a filename for your file, Notify will:
>
>* generate a random filename
>* try to add the correct file extension
>
>If Notify does not add the correct file extension, recipients may not be able to open your file.

Author: That sounds good on the whole 👍

It's an option to just not mention it (we don't at the moment, and it applies now anyway). But I think tech docs are a place where it's OK (and encouraged) to specific about the technical details.
